Prepare release 4.12.0rc1 (#402)
python/typing_extensions: CHANGELOG.md

  - Backport the `typing.NoDefault` sentinel object from Python 3.13.
    TypeVars, ParamSpecs and TypeVarTuples without default values now have
    their `__default__` attribute set to this sentinel value.
  - TypeVars, ParamSpecs and TypeVarTuples now have a `has_default()`
    method, matching `typing.TypeVar`, `typing.ParamSpec` and
    `typing.TypeVarTuple` on Python 3.13+.
  - TypeVars, ParamSpecs and TypeVarTuples with `default=None` passed to
    their constructors now have their `__default__` attribute set to `None`
    at runtime rather than `types.NoneType`.
  - Fix most tests for `TypeVar`, `ParamSpec` and `TypeVarTuple` on Python
    3.13.0b1 and newer.
  - Backport CPython PR [#118774](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/118774),
    allowing type parameters without default values to follow those with
    default values in some type parameter lists. Patch by Alex Waygood,
    backporting a CPython PR by Jelle Zijlstra.
  - It is now disallowed to use a `TypeVar` with a default value after a
    `TypeVarTuple` in a type parameter list. This matches the CPython
    implementation of PEP 696 on Python 3.13+.

>   - Fix bug in PEP-696 implementation where default values for `ParamSpec`s
>     would be cast to tuples if a list was provided as the default value.

Reviewer: Re-reading my own changelog entry, this is possibly slightly more grammatical:

```suggestion
  - Fix bug in PEP-696 implementation where a default value for a `ParamSpec`
    would be cast to a tuple if a list was provided.
```

  `typing.ContextManager` and `typing.AsyncContextManager` on Python
  3.13+.
- Backport `types.CapsuleType` from Python 3.13.

> - Releases are now made using [Trusted Publishers](https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/), improving the security of the release process. Patch by Jelle Zijlstra.

Reviewer: Long line:

```suggestion
- Releases are now made using [Trusted Publishers](https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/)
  improving the security of the release process. Patch by Jelle Zijlstra.
```
